[server-extension] Rename python package  and Add file serving feature (#76)
jtpio/jupyterlab-extension-examples: advanced/server-extension/README.md

```ts
// src/index.ts#L6-L6

import { IFrame } from '@jupyterlab/apputils';
```

In the `activate` function, the server extension is first called through
a GET request on the endpoint _/jlab-ext-example/hello_. The response from the server
is printed in the web browser console:

```ts
// src/index.ts#L33-L44

palette: ICommandPalette,
launcher: ILauncher | null
=> {

> console.log('JupyterLab extension server-extension-example is activated!');

Reviewer: Do we want this part in the snippet?

Author: fixed. thx.

// GET request
try {
  const data = await requestAPI<any>('hello');
  console.log(data);
} catch (reason) {
  console.error(`Error on GET /jlab-ext-example/hello.\n${reason}`);
}
```

As the server response is not instantanious, the request is done asynchronously
using the `await` keyword:

```ts
// src/index.ts#L40-L40

const data = await requestAPI<any>('hello');
```

To use that `await` keyword, the function must be declared as asynchronous
using the `async` keyword:

```ts
// src/index.ts#L31-L31

> activate: async (

Reviewer: Looks like we need the following line in this snippet?

Author: done.

The server part of the extension is going to be presented in this section.

You first need to install the python source code. The following will install 
the `jlab_ext_example` package in dev mode:

```bash
pip install -e .
```

> The you need to enable on Jupyter level the package you have just installed 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then you need to enable the package at the Jupyter level 
```

    nb_app: notebook.notebookapp.NotebookApp
        Notebook application instance
    """
    url_path = 'jlab-ext-example'
    setup_handlers(nb_app.web_app, url_path)
    nb_app.log.info('Registered jlab_ext_example extension at URL path /{}'.format(url_path))

```

The `_jupyter_jlab_ext_example_paths` provides the Python package name
to the server. But the most important one is `load_jupyter_jlab_ext_example`
that register new handlers.

```py
# jlab_ext_example/__init__.py#L19-L19

setup_handlers(nb_app.web_app, url_path)
```

A handler is registered in the web application by linking an url to a class. In this
example the url is _base_server_url_`/jlab-ext-example/hello` and the class handler is `RouteHandler`:

```py
# jlab_ext_example/handlers.py#L31-L37

host_pattern = '.*$'
base_url = web_app.settings['base_url']

> # Prepend the base_url so that it works in a jupyterhub setting

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Prepend the base_url so that it works in a JupyterHub setting
```

become the response body of the request in the frontend.

```py

> # jlab_ext_example/handlers.py#L23-L26

Reviewer: Is this snippet off by a few lines?

Author: yes, it is correct, as the beginning of the file has changed also.

`get_json_body` helper method to convert the request body into a Python dictionary.

```py
# jlab_ext_example/handlers.py#L23-L26

input_data = self.get_json_body()
data = {
    'greetings': 'Hello {}, enjoy JupyterLab!'.format(input_data['name'])
}
```

> The part responsible to server static content with a `StaticFileHandler` handler 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The part responsible to serve static content with a `StaticFileHandler` handler 
```

is the following:

```py
# jlab_ext_example/handlers.py#L39-L46

> # Prepend the base_url so that it works in a jupyterhub setting

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Prepend the `base_url` so that it works in a JupyterHub setting
```

The `setup.py` file is the entry point to describe package metadata:

```py
# setup.py#L66-L98

> 

Reviewer: The diff shows some missing parts for this snippet.

Author: The complete file is now embedded.
